<h1>Resume</h1>

1. <b>Oleksandr Kovalenko</b>
2. <b>Contact Info:</b> +38 (066) 421-08-97 - Viber, Telegram, WhatsApp; https://www.facebook.com/Oleksanddr ; https://www.linkedin.com/in/kovalenkooleksandr/
3. Now my goal is to learn programming. In the Armed Forces of Ukraine, I served in various positions in the structure of moral and psychological support. Among them: Deputy Company Commander for Humanitarian Affairs, Officer-Psychologist, Officer-Political Scientist, Deputy Commander of the Division for Educational Work, Deputy Commander of the Regiment for Personnel - Head of the Department, Deputy Commander of the Regiment for Moral and Psychological Support - Head of the Department. Calendar service - 23 years of military service. I am a participant in hostilities, took a direct part in the anti-terrorist operation.By order of the Chief of the General Staff - Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine №427 of October 3, 2016, I was awarded the military rank of lieutenant colonel. At present, I continue to serve in the military as Deputy Regiment Commander for Moral and Psychological Support - Chief of the Department.
4. <b>Skills:</b> Adaptability, Assertiveness, Collaborative abilities, Communication skills (including verbal and written!), Compassion, Competitiveness, Conflict or dispute resolution, Creative thinking, Decision making skills, Delegation skills, Emotional regulation, Empathy, Enthusiasm, Facilitating skills, Flexibility, Friendliness, Management skills (both for time and people!), Influence/persuasion skills, Listening skills, Motivational skills, Patience, Perceptiveness, Positivity, Presenting/public speaking skills, Problem solving and troubleshooting, Teamwork/team player skills, Work ethics, Human Resources (HR), Strategic skills, Resilience, Openness to feedback.
5. <b>Code examples</b> -  https://kovalenko79.github.io/IT_BRO_first/
6. At the moment I have no programming experience. I'm just studying now. I plan to do programming after military service. So I went to these courses. 
7. <b>Education.</b> 
National Defence University of Ukraine named after Ivan Chernyakhovsky in 2018, Master's degree on military social administration, Officer of the military command of the operational and tactical level.
Kremenchug National Polytechnic University named after Mykhailo Ostrogradsky in 2008, Bachelor's degree,  lawyer.
Kharkiv Military University in 2002, diploma specialist, electronic complexes, radar means of information support of troops, Military command officer of the tactical level.
8. <b>Languages:</b> Ukrainian - native, Russian - native, English - intermediate level.
